[Music]
hello fellow quarantine aged Mutant
Ninja Turtles it's Jimmy welcome to what
is either a show or I'm having a
paranoid hallucination who even knows
anymore here's something I learned in
quarantine did you know you could save a
lot of time and bread if you eat the
peanut butter straight out of the jar
hello is anyone listening to me
I you know I never really knew what
loneliness was until I started telling
jokes to an empty room tomorrow I and
hopefully you will be dressing up for a
special occasion known as formal Friday
my wife Molly came up with this idea a
couple of weeks ago to give ourselves
some sense of normalcy even if you're
alone put on something nice once a week
on Friday get all gussied up to eat hot
pockets from the back of the freezer and
we beginning a great response to this
many of you have shared your formal
Friday photos online
Jennifer Alex Betty and pinky got in the
spirit pinkie even accessorized with
face masks animals are joining in
whether they know it or not some parents
got the whole family dressed up
including the bull family in Shanghai
and our band leader CLE doe and his
family in the valley you know formal
Friday has even become a thing in New
Zealand a TV host over there named
Hilary Barry posted this photo asking
too much no Hill it not at all here's a
Kiwi named Abby looking very dapper and
Shaun gets half credit for this but he's
doing his best we're all doing our best
and I'd like to welcome New Zealand to
formal Friday - next up the
International Space Station we're
beginning some funny videos - like this
gentleman who dressed up for work today
morning
fresh coffee thanks baby I'm off to work
I'll see you later
have a good day
and then the pants came right off I'm
sure but let's keep it going post your
photos and videos tomorrow night with
the hashtag formal Friday we'll share
our favorites again here on the show
next week tonight's big event is thirsty
Thursday I found out this morning that a
bunch of my co-workers have been doing
some kind of a group chat happy hour
every Thursday I was not invited to be a
part of it so those people are now fired
now you have a reason to drink but I
don't need them because I have my own
group chat with my own friend
Guillermo hey Guillermo how you doing
Jimmy I'm doing all right how's it going
at Chez Rodriguez right now it's going
great fantastic
so for Thirsty Thursday I understand you
have a special cocktail recipe you would
like to share with everyone yes that's
right
okay teach us take it away here we go
first you get a bottle okay okay you get
a stroll uh-huh
and that's it that's it okay is there
anything left in that bottle well here
listen I got a drink too so I'm gonna
have let's do a toast Guillermo it's a
good health and may we be allowed
outside our houses by Labor Day all
right Cheers
cheers to you by the way and I guess it
shouldn't be a surprise sales of alcohol
since we all got put under house arrest
of skyrocket
for the week ending March 21st which was
like the first full week of quarantine
for a lot of people sales of spirits
were up 55% beer was up 42% Y was up 66%
and hard alcohol and pre-mixed cocktails
were up 75% the experts attribute this
spike in sales to the fact that everyone
is now drinking all the time you know
you all used to think Kathie Lee and Oda
were nuts drinking at 10:00 a.m. every
day now we are Kathie Lee and we are
Hoda so drink up America
and remember you know they can't smell
tequila on your breath on a video
conference call
not only are Americans drinking more
we're drinking in creative new ways like
this couple who attached beers to the
inside of the garage door to earn a spot
as stars of our quarantine killer of the
night garage doors
[Music]
who said Spring Break was cancelled in
England right now and most everywhere
really people are rushing to get
whatever supplies they can this is from
the BBC where they caught up with a
woman who managed to narrow her shopping
down to the three most important things
a human being needs to survive down the
road in Folkston I spoke to locals
gathering essential supplies this is all
I made so it's all I bought and what
have you got did you mow toilet well
sausage rolls no tootsie rolls but well
just don't mix up the kitchen rolls with
the sausage rolls
speaking of toilet paper this is here's
another fascinating invention last night
I showed you a machine that separates
one roll of two ply into two rolls of
one ply with the idea that your toilet
paper will go farther but even if you
don't have a roll of toilet paper to
split here's another solution you take a
roll of paper towels and you cut that
roll of paper towels using a power saw
in half
isn't that clever works the other way
too if you're out of paper towels just
glue two rolls of toilet paper together
and voila the president I don't know if
you heard this may have another perfect
call in the works Donald Trump and Joe
Biden are reportedly planning to chat
about the corona virus that's gonna be
some call that's gonna be tenth that's
gonna be like Joe exotic Carol bask in
tents I actually suggested this idea to
Joe Biden on the show last week as a
joke and now it's real I guess the
president said he would love to speak to
Joe Biden
you know Trump's running out of things
to do if he'd love to take a call from
Joe Biden he might even have to break
down and call Eric if he does that maybe
at this point Joe Biden should just say
I'll take the presidency off your hand
he might appreciate it this pandemic
would be a tough challenge for any
president but with this massive public
health crisis on his hands Trump is
keeping his eye on the ball by focusing
on the things that really matter do you
think tweeting about it social media it
gets out I have you know hundreds of
millions of people number one on
Facebook did you know I was number one
of Facebook and I just found out I'm
number one on Facebook I thought that
was very nice it is nice be even nicer
was true but it's not but you know and
the timing is perfect too with great
power comes great narcissism here's
another good one Trump was asked about
an increase in domestic violence with
everyone staying at home but the
question he was asked was not the same
question he heard police have reported a
surge in calls about domestic violence a
number of groups have raised Mexican
workers domestic violence
he got so excited for a bit he got
confused cuz you know Mexican violence
is the name of his cologne these press
conferences are ridiculous it's as if he
just needs someone to talk at and a lot
of what he says like today he seems to
be reading for the very first time
moments ago I directed secretary a czar
an acting secretary wolf to use any and
all available authority under the
defense production act to ensure that
domestic manufacturers have the supplies
they need to produce ventilators for
patients with severe cases of CO VI D 19
you know what that is right become a
very famous term Co VI D
kovat di ng o bi ng o bi NGO and bingo
was his name-o Trump has also been
desperate to show the silver lining of
this disaster he tweeted about this and
he was excited enough to talk about it
to gasoline is gonna be 99 cents a
gallon unless you know that that's
already started it's popping up 99 cents
so that's like giving a massive tax cut
to people of our country that would be
such great news if any of us were
driving anywhere and guess what else
tickets to the Lakers there now only $5
a seat meanwhile one of trumps top
advisors throughout this doctor Anthony
Fauci had to be assigned security
because he's been getting so many death
threats who would threaten the one guy
holding this country together right now
this is like if you're on a
cross-country flight and said where is
the pilot I am gonna beat his ass you
know originally the experts thought the
virus was being spread primarily from
sneezes or coughs from now they're
saying it could be transmitted from
talking or breathing which is
unfortunate because those are my only
remaining leisure activities but these
droplets can reportedly hang out in the
air which you know they're not supposed
to be doing right now
so Mayor Bill de Blasio announced today
that citizens of New York should be
wearing face masks in public and here in
Los Angeles our mayor Eric Garcetti wore
a mask while announcing we should
wearing masks you see here he is at
press conference that's either a mask or
a bikini bottom I'm not exactly sure but
it was the right color because the
speech itself was very dark its mayor
pain shouldn't the sign language guide
be wearing a mask on his hands by the
way you know Batman if you think about
it has the worst kind of mass they're
the only thing that isn't covered is his
mouth over the past few weeks a number
of Governors have stepped up whereas
others have not and the award for a Cove
idiot of the week goes to Georgia
Governor Brian Kemp
who's brain has apparently been in
quarantine for a few weeks because
yesterday he suddenly had this very
delayed revelation finding out that this
virus is now transmitting before people
see signs so the what we've been telling
people from directives from the CDC for
weeks now that if you start feeling bad
stay home those individuals could have
been infecting people before they ever
felt bad well we didn't know that until
the last 24 hours and his doctor to me
told me she goes this is a game-changer
well wait until he finds out about
cigarettes he may never smoke again is
it possible that the governor of Georgia
doesn't own a television set this is
interesting this is a map based on GPS
from cellphones that shows who in the
country has been social distancing and
who has not the red is the knot okay
and this by the way is a map of
Americans with mullets you can see
there's a lot of crossover there the
other thing spreading like a virus is
that Netflix documentary tiger king
everyone seems to be watching it
including a guy who's been the subject
of a documentary or two of his own I
watched about six episodes of this show
and I couldn't even believe what I was
looking at white people what's with you
and while animals leave them animals
alone the show is crazy but it's so
crazy you kind of keep watching one
thing I will say
there's not a shred of doubt in my mind
that that lady's husband is uh Tiger
sashimi right now I'm just saying well
you know if there are two things he's an
expert on it's football and killing your
spouse imagine the lack of awareness of
self-awareness it would take to be OJ
Simpson ago you know what I think I'll
put on a pair of gloves and talk about
murder and by the way what Golf Course
is he playing aren't they supposed to be
closed probably the biggest day-to-day
challenge for parents who are in
isolation is spending every waking
moment with our children if there's
anything I've learned from the
quarantine it's that all teachers need a
raise even the bad ones you can't take
the kids to the beach or to the park
there's nowhere to go so some moms and
dads are getting inventive
[Music]
remember when it was fun to ride a bike
those children never will and one more
item before I take a seat I broke the
tragic news the other night that our
network ABC has decided to put the
brakes on The Bachelor Summer Games this
summer which sucks for us but it's also
a shame for these great athletes who've
been training so hard to have sex with
strangers for four years now but the
good news is that we have a new Bachelor
spin-off and this one is doctor foul she
approved The Bachelor summer games may
be canceled but the only pandemic you
can't stop is love introducing Bachelor
in quarantine the most dramatic season
ever you're the only woman here I love
Victoria I'm healthy who will he choose
to repopulate the earth
Hannah Ann will you accept this role of
course I can never social distance my
heart bachelor in quarantine this time
it's love in rubber gloves Oh be
followed by a special women PRL all only
on ABC DC all right